That boat was full of
weapons. launchers and rifles.
He's using the free port
to smuggle arms.
The wreck's blocking the entrance.
Nothing is landing till
the northern star's cleared.
This is a terrorist attack.
The hunt for daredevil.
Karen page. Intensify it.
The people I work for are
grateful for the use of your port.
But this has gone into.
like. eight kinds of wrong.
There's an email on this card.
Not everything I write is under my name.
I imagine that you know
who in my staff is loyal and who is not.
Achilleo and christofi
are in a lot of trouble.
Task force took him.
Where's christofi?
I don't know.
- Sorry about your client. Murdock.
- Me too.
They killed him. The police.
- I'm sorry.
- I hate them. mister Murdock.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Can I help you?
There a nun who works here?
Sister Maggie. I think.
Yes. she's on a sabbatical year in Rome.
Father. I...
I need absolution.
I've betrayed people.
I've betrayed myself.
I'm not technically a priest yet.
I can't administer the
sacrament of penance. but...
I'm not too picky.
One. One-two. One-two.
One-two. One-two. slip.
Body.
Time!
Sir. I need to talk to you.
What happened?
The cop in hell's kitchen.
Daredevil was there.
Thirty-second break. No more.
Gotta get you ready for fight night.
The cop's in hospital.
- Good.
- Well. he had a heart attack.
Four task force. dead.
Daredevil got away.
Apparently. someone is helping him.
Someone with very good aim.
Poindexter.
You giving up? Not like you. man.
Not like you at all.
I thought you were tougher than that.
Okay. Thank you.
Cherry's stable at Metro general.
But the task force can
still get to him there.
Yeah. I'll get eyes on him.
Why was bullseye even there?
I don't know.
He could have killed me.
- Like the task force.
- But he didn't.
So. what is that?
Is he just crazy. or
does he have a reason?
Well. killing task force
only helps fisk. Right?
He's saying I'm a terrorist.
So. each body Poindexter
drops is just another hung on me.
Yeah. And it pisses off fisk. So
that's like two birds. one bullet.
Right. But he doesn't want me dead.
I don't give a shit. He killed foggy.
I hope those task force
psychos put a bullet in his head.
- Karen. that's not helping.
- Yeah? Well. I imagine you feel the same.
Thank you.
Poindexter aside. I want to take down fisk
before there's any more collateral damage.
Okay...
- We prove the mayor was smuggling guns.
- Right.
Try and get the feds to file a case.
- That at least gets him out of city hall.
- We can hope.
The task force shook down cherry
once they found northern star's captain.
which means the first
mate's still out there.
- We need to get to Ariana.
- Hell yeah.
So. which one of us is going to astoria?
How about both?
Boots on the ground! Now!
Suspect! Hands up!
- They're takin' her.
- Seriously?
Yo. what'd she do? Hey. what'd she do?
- What y'all doin'?
- In the truck.
- Now!
- Don't do that to her.
Come on.
If I may...
add a thought...
About daredevil.
You know. you would have much
more influence over the situation
if you let it be known that he
and Matt Murdock...
Are one and the same.
No.
I want to quash this idiocy. not stoke it.
Daredevil. he's an easy
sell as enemy of the people.
but Matt Murdock? No. I...
a blind man who saved my life?
I don't think so.
He saved my life.
Slating.
Take... set.
And... whenever you're
ready. mister mayor.
As you know. months ago.
there was an attempt on my life
by the masked vigilante
known as bullseye.
We have reason to
believe that Matt Murdock.
the lawyer from hell's kitchen.
survived the attack on his apartment.
This is important...
Because Matt Murdock is...
A hero.
He risked his life to save mine...
Only to be targeted
by the same vigilantes
that threaten our way of life.
He could be hurt.
He may not know who he is.
We need to get you out of here. Now.
Help find Matt Murdock. New York.
Let's bring this hero home.
What do you think of the northern star?
That boat capsized in the river?
What a mess. How do they fix that?
I don't know. If you
ask me. daredevil did it.
Or one of those other crazies.
This resistance with the graffiti.
What are they resisting?
New York's never been
this good in 30 years.
Looks like I spoke too soon.
Someone caught me.
Spoiled again by that
dastardly do-gooder.
I'll get him in the end.
- Has the mayor seen this?
- I don't know.
I mean. it's pretty
underground. you know.
But these drops. they
show up on socials.
then they disappear.
It's like guerrilla shit.
Let me rephrase that.
Are you going to show it to the mayor?
Yeah. I probably should. but
he's not gonna like that mask.
No. he's not.
These blips. they're unsubstantiated.
They're only rumor. right?
The bulletin. the other
majors. they're not picking it up.
We shouldn't give it any oxygen.
Who else had access to this footage?
Buck. you. fisk.
Probably Powell.
- You?
- Yeah. me.
Is it on your laptop?
Hell no.
I wouldn't do that. Sheila.
- Come on.
- Show it to him.
He's not a fan of surprises.
But let's be honest.
this is not just bad PR.
and it's coming from inside this building.
Tracked the "at." Dark web.
It's just a leak.
Find it. plug it. and we move on.
It's gonna be okay.
Thanks. Sheila?
Look. I... I know I can be an ass.
I know we've had our differences. but...
- I really do respect your advice.
- I appreciate that. bubba.
Just try and take it once in a while?
Fuck me.
Kind of brilliant. right?
Fisk not outing me?
This way.
he gets all the people
who support vigilantes
searching for Matt
Murdock and their haters
searching for daredevil.
Yeah. well... You're
wanted by both sides now.
So we tripled the security
personnel here and at Gracie.
Not my call to tell you to lay
low. even with that fight next week.
But when you or Mrs.
Fisk are on the move.
you're gonna have two
full. close protection details.
and I'll volunteer for
one of them personally.
I have buck to augment my usual detail.
Sure. no flies on Mr. Cashman.
But. listen. Poindexter's no joke.
He fired at you with 30 of us right there.
You're only here because
of that prick lawyer.
You're not much of a
politician. are you. Powell?
I say it like I see it. sir.
Well. here's to that.
Murdock's an asshole.
You want him treated like gold. you got it.
Bullseye. if he tried once. he'll try again.
My guys know not to fuck around.
They see him. they kill him.
Same with daredevil.
Your dedication is impressive.
No. I owe that red piece of
shit for what he did to my guys.
You just want to know.
if you go down like that.
whether someone's
gonna get payback for you.
That's just how it works. sir.
Yes. it is.
Murdock's friend. the ex-cop.
Cherry. yeah.
Yeah. I understand
he's at Metro general.
Yeah. I'm on it.
I got a couple other things. too.
I'll put Matt Murdock in this office.
and I'll put daredevil's
head on a fuckin' spike.
Either of those would be sufficient.
Well. I like to shoot the moon. sir.
I just...
Cole.
Hey. what's going on?
What are you doing here?
I want back in. man.
I need to be back on the task force.
Yeah.
Okay...
I mean...
You gotta heal. man.
This is as good as it's
gonna get for me. man.
- Look. after what they've done?
- Yeah.
- Not just to me.
Fuck the vigilantes.
I'm owed some get-back. brother.
How many people died in
that asshole lawyer's place?
- Seven. Yeah. seven.
- Seven. Exactly.
I'm fucking sure. man.
I'm ready.
Okay. Yeah.
- Okay? Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah. welcome back. brother.
- Thanks. Let's get to work.
- All right.
You guys can call it a day.
Yeah.
- but we were told to...
- look. I'm telling you to get lost.
It's okay. Don't do anything
and get yourself in trouble.
What the fuck is this? Jurassic park?
Just visiting an old friend.
Nice vests.
You gonna wear your
underwear outside. too?
Get out.
- We need backup.
- Yeah. Danny said he'd stop in.
- Roxanne. too.
- Have her bring some lombardi's.
You know how bored these guys are?
You know how many
more of them are out there?
- We'll be back.
- We'll be here.
You bringing the pizza? Or
should we still have Roxanne do it?
Fuckin' hump.
Dick.
God. I hate those little dickheads.
Remember mcdaniel?
Yeah. I remember mcdaniel.
Word is. he was north's to.
- You're kidding me?
- Nope.
- That explains a lot. man.
- Yeah?
Hey. but don't sweat it...
Fuck. Did cherry nose-blast the two?
Fuck.
You gotta be fucking... unbelievable.
Stay.
He's fuckin' gone.
It seems this is turning
into guerrilla warfare.
So. what is this?
Is Poindexter freelancing?
Or is he in this resistance mess?
Without vigilantes.
there is no resistance.
Destroy one and you destroy the other.
And. Powell? Vanessa is hosting
a dinner at the mansion tonight.
Yeah. Copy that. sir. I already
sent over four more units.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Yeah.
You know. they say that
driving is most dangerous after it rains.
The collected oil. bits of rubber.
More slippery than ice.
You're not ready for it.
and you spin out of control.
The things that can damage us most...
Are the ones we're least
prepared for. aren't they?
Shit. I... look. I...
I should've told you sooner. I just...
you know. I... I wanted
to get more information
- before coming to you because i...
- Daniel. this...
Person is mocking me.
Yes. sir. I'm sorry. sir.
They found this on
commissioner gallo's body.
Fuckin' a.
Do you remember when I
told you if you ever betray me...
It'll be the last thing you ever did?
Yeah. I do.
I wouldn't. I swear. mayor fisk.
Daniel. you are the deputy
mayor of communications.
- Yeah.
- Finding out how
inside information is ending up in here
- is your responsibility.
- Yes.
- Do we understand each other?
- Absolutely. sir.
A hundred percent.
It's completely my fault...
good. I have two questions.
Do you have any idea
where the leak came from?
No. Honestly. sir. I don't. I...
is there anyone in this
building you need to protect?
Yeah.
You.
Good answer.
You don't need it.
You got me.
And. of course. the finest security
New York taxpayers can afford.
Have you ever been in the same
room with Benjamin Poindexter?
Not a ballroom.
Up close. personal?
No. ma'am.
I have.
I wouldn't call this a need.
more like a well-thought-out...
Want.
Good choice.
Thank you...
Buck.
Need my help?
Hey. Grab the rope.
Grab the rope. make sure to go when
they park and they dock. Come on.
- I don't know.
- Hurry up.
Hurry up. lotta cargo here.
Clear out the space. too.
Come here.
Hey. Bobby.
It's diapers.
Yeah. they weren't on the ship with me.
- It's just a show.
- It's a good one.
It's local salvage
company. Union workers.
It'd be a good headline. It's very...
Voter-friendly.
So. what happens when
they think no one's watching?
Hey. drew. get 'em on that crane.
I still don't understand why
would you take such a risk
on the northern star.
I believe that I can do...
More good than just New York.
You have built an empire
that will be remembered.
Will it? New yorkers
have a short memory.
But. yes. it...
It's true we have built something
generational here. Vanessa.
- But...
- without an heir.
We've always been
enough for each other.
Yes.
Have you ever considered
that with all that we have
and what we've done.
that we're obligated to
make a global impact?
How many more worlds
do you need to conquer?
How many are there?
But those are definitely not diapers.
Shit.
There's task force everywhere.
Place is a black hole.
If fisk moves those guns
into red hook. they vanish.
I don't think we have a choice
anymore. I gotta get into the port.
No.
No. Matt. it's suicide.
It's our only shot at fisk.
We might not get another.
Shit.
I hope they find him.
Me. too.
He's...
He's a good man.
He tried.
Sometimes I wonder if...
If your tío Hector would have
never put on that white tiger mask.
maybe it'd all be different.
No. he had to.
It was who he was.
If everyone was too scared to be a hero.
we'd have none.
And I'd be dead.
Hey. let's get a snack.
Hola. berto.
Sucks you gotta say that.
- Come on.
- A'ight. come on. Come on.
Angela.
why are you so boring?
Look at his shoes.
Crocodile shoes. I could hear
you squeaking from outside.
- Nah.
- I didn't even talk.
Shut up with your
three-musketeers-from-dollar-tree ass.
Hey. hey. put that back.
- Mind your business.
- Put that back already.
Berto...
Just put that down. okay?
Berto.
- Stop. He's a kid.
- They're thieves.
He's taking the law into his own hands.
- Mind your business.
- Our neighborhood is our business.
- Hey!
- Hey! No. Don't... Come on. man!
Hold him down.
That's assaulting an officer.
You're coming with me.
No! Get off of her! Son of a bitch!
- Get off of her! No!
- Don't be stupid. kid.
- What are you doing?
- Hey! Let her go!
Screw these guys!
Hey. what are you doing. man?
Get home. get home.
get home. get home!
It's gonna be okay. Get home!
Get home. okay?
No! No!
Get home. please! Get home safely.
No!
Get out of our neighborhood!
Get the fuck out of our neighborhood!
A lot is said about a
person's mental health.
but what about a city's?
The randomness of a horrific crime.
A stranger pushing
another in front of a train.
a self-proclaimed artist
murdering innocent people.
How do we collectively
heal from these horrors?
You know. you don't have
to go solo to these things.
If I may. how did you and
Mr. Murdock leave things?
Not well.
Matt was in a...
Place...
Before he got shot.
He has very strong
feelings about your husband.
Mr. Murdock
always was the
champion of the vigilantes.
My husband...
Not so much.
Do you think
frank castle or...
Daredevil killed Matt?
No. I don't.
- Is my husband overworking you?
- No.
Not really.
Vigilante trials are coming up. so...
Must be hard to get into the head of...
Those people?
Sometimes it's a little too easy.
That's the scary part.
Is something wrong?
No... That thing. right?
That... sudden cold feeling.
My gram used to say. "that's a
goose walking over your grave."
Hello?
Hey.
If anybody's there. I'm not playing!
Angela?
How did you get in here?
Hey. hey. what happened?
- What happened?
- They took her.
They took my tía.
My god.
Come here. honey. I'm so...
- I'll start checking the jails. okay?
- No. that won't work.
The task force took her.
- and people usually disappear.
- Shit.
That's it. isn't it?
Angela...
Can I see it?
Soledad didn't want it.
Yeah. I'm not surprised.
Hard to be a hero these days?
I thought we were editing the bb report.
It's a working dinner.
Coq au vin. pommes du
moutard. and haricots vert.
- Where from?
- Me.
And Julia child.
- Bullshit.
- Truth.
Yeah. it's a thank-you.
you know. for gettin'
the place cleaned. and...
A bunch of other shit.
I mean. we both know I
wouldn't have made deputy mayor
- if it wasn't for your help.
- We helped each other.
Yeah.
I didn't know you could cook.
I can't.
But I just read the
directions. did what they said.
Hopefully. it's all right.
I got no clue about the wine. but it was...
it was expensive. so. hopefully it's good.
Shit.
Daniel. this is great.
- Wow.
- Good.
I'm... I'm glad you like it.
'Cause we got some things to figure out.
Mayor fisk?
Were you looking for me?
You know what that is?
Yeah.
Some crazy shit.
A weird mask with daredevil on the boat?
That video. it came from
inside the mayor's office.
Maybe even off my laptop.
Okay.
What's your question?
Don't fuck with me. bb.
You burned me bad with
that mayor garbage leak.
Okay. That was then. and this is now.
It's not me. seriously.
I get it. You're a journalist.
I'm a schmuck from staten.
- Fuck me or whatever.
- Okay.
But if you are leaking
stuff. anything. stop.
It's no game.
You could get hurt.
We could get hurt.
You're scared of him. aren't you?
Politics is a brutal business. isn't it?
Gallo...
Was a good man.
We didn't always see eye-to-eye. but...
I'll miss him.
I'm just being smart.
I wouldn't blame you if you were.
I mean. you had to have asked yourself.
what if the rumors are true?
About gallo?
About my uncle?
Come on. bb. I mean. look. look at this.
Life is good.
I don't know. like.
integrity can cost.
Sometimes. it's better
not to know. or to ask.
You did the right thing. miss Sheila.
Can I walk you out?
Yeah.
If you are leaking stuff. just stop.
Please.
This place was alive for a long time.
and you three were the heart of it.
I'm sorry.
Shit.
Maybe you're right.
Josie...
- Angie?
- Josie.
What's goin' on?
I wanted to check up on you.
Make sure everything's all right.
Maybe some people
are worried about cherry.
Don't be.
He's safe.
Take care.
Lock your doors.
Fisk is hunting.
Resist. Rebel.
Mayor kingpin.
here to give you a better.
more beautiful New York.
without all the riffraff messin' up our city.
You must leave.
I promised you a safer city.
and look at how safe I'm making it!
Rounding up all the...
vigilantes.
Hiding in plain sight.
as random people I just don't like.
Don't worry.
all these people are safe
with all your childhood dogs
in a farm upstate.
And for all you rebels.
the more you resist. the more you rebel.
it hurts my feelings.
There's nothing to worry about.
I'm keeping you safe.
Because. remember.
I love you. New York.
I'm mayor fisk. and I approve this lie...
I mean. message.
I know why you're hunting me.
You okay?
Are you okay?
I'm here.
I can't get you into red hook.
You were right. It's a...
It's a black hole.
There has to be a way.
Well...
I'd prefer one where you get out alive.
Yeah. me. too.
It's okay.
It's going to be okay. my love.
What's on your mind?
I hope that one day. we
find everything we want.
Someplace peaceful.
And where would that place be?
New York is our home.
No.
You are my home.
You ever think we'd end up here?
There are worse places.
Like Brooklyn?
- That's...
- I liked Brooklyn. - Yeah?
My place was nice.
We still own the island.
Yes.
When was the last time we were there?
I hate the feeling of
sand between my toes.
I did like it there. though.
Anywhere with you.
Do you really think that
we could live... thrive...
Outside of all this?
I do.
I have to.
I do miss my records. though.
Hold that thought.
No... wait.
What are you doing?
No way!
Vive le resistance.
Hold on.
On my Mark.
- This is the anti-vigilante task force.
- Hey.
We have you surrounded. Come
out or we'll be forced to remove you.
- Go!
- Hands up!
Get off of me!
They have Josie. Stay here.
- Stay low!
- Yeah. go.
Vigilantism will not
be tolerated in this city.
- This is the anti-vigilante task force.
- All right.
We have you surrounded. Come
out or we'll be forced to remove you.
Any and all resistance will be...
go somewhere safe.
Clear every floor!
- Hey.
- Hey. hey. hey.
Karen!
- Where were you?
- I know. I know. Just...
- Come on.
- What happened?
I have something to show you.
What did you do?
They're hunting us.
Maybe it's time we started hunting them.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm